the season we have been getting to know
the many teams in the Petronas Asia boat
racing championship now we turn our
attention to super sports team yamaha
yama liu a sh t JM k YT team consists of
three riders in the nation right em
Dulli cetera an Australian Writers crew
Halliday and Christopher quit Eddie your
team has a unique line this season you
have three riders so can you explain a
little bit about how the riders
basically because right now we have only
one young rider before it so my
objective is to improve my young rider
so then we have some discussion with
Australian Yamaha team so they put some
names to join with my team so I decided
to pick up one of them to join with my
team the goal is the same to improve my
rider skill to become a higher higher
level in the competition so why we call
its team is unique because it's the
first time in unison team combined with
Australian Yamaha team so we hope this
is a join team will become more better
team 20 year old researcher has been
competing in the AR RC since he was 16
years old this season marks his fourth
year in the super sports class
performance and I don't know issue from
our sample satiny blum blum blum choco
maxima habilitative Amano he target then
the panel be Mike lucky
so no Gurudwara Jenny's like the hunka
testing and do a debacle Arakawa Latin
physique the reburning James sample re
persuader Chanukah Domingo it would be
what Latin motto on top
could you are honest Jana I am doing
Sukkot and humble humble Dalmatia
yeah Australia throws Japan
you got Malaysia teasing I said you
gotta be supplied there went over the
panel everybody who has only competed in
three ARR seiran's
for the 23 year all is not new to racing
seat crew can you tell us a little bit
more about yourself and when you started
racing I started racing when I was 20
years old in 600 class and then I won
the 2010 Pro Stock Championship when I
was 21
this year I'm leading the points in 2011
Pro Stock champion in Australia and
currently under 1000 cc motorcycle so I
brought you to the Asia voting how do
you get involved with this team I heard
I heard about it through a couple
friends friend Glen Ellyn and raced of
he and they uh he told me about and I
was very interested about coming over
I've had so much fun the rounds have
been here and definitely look forward to
coming back in the future
you have any comment on the Ichiro is in
championships so far because you've
racing true you out this is your third
definitely tough competition of
struggling in the first two rounds and
I'm here at my third round in China
tough competition can you tell us a
little bit about what kind of testing
you got your kind training you go to to
improve yourself among this tough yeah
definitely when I get back home it's a
lot a lot of cardio training to get on
the cycle boy do a lot of swimming
I'm also do a lot of testing back home
on a 600 that's kind of hard going
between the 600 and 1,000 for testing
back home because I have to test in four
over here and also back home but um it's
definitely fun busy but fun but
definitely are definitely tough on the
body so to compete with people I feed
you are and all the top guys you have to
be in top physical shape so definitely a
lot of training has to be involved in
hard work this is the first year for
this new partnership team manager Eddie
Sakura understand that good results
don't occur overnight progress in the
championship
so because this is a first step first
time we joined together with the
Australian team we have to learn their
culture about how they improve their
setting up the by so we learn many
things and the progress I think is so
good but the results did not good
because the day they come here in the
first time they have to learn about the
track so I think hopefully next year
will become better result didn't do any
joint training or testing when it comes
to your bye we have plan we already have
the planning to have some practice in
Australia but we will start in the first
year or next year first month of the may
be on January or February next year
result practice in Australia or other
circuit in Japan or in Santora when this
young riders and team working hard to
better improve themselves we hope to see
more from this unique partnership in the
future